gh-128657: fix _hashopenssl ref/data race (#128886)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-01-15-15-45-21.gh-issue-128657.P5LNQA.rst

> Fix a possible data and PY_EVP_MD refcount race in _hashopenssl.c py_digest_by_name() under free-threading.

Reviewer: In general, we try to avoid technical details in the changelog. How about something like this?

```suggestion
Fix a crash when using objects returned by :func:`hashlib.sha256` under :term:`free threading`.
```

Author: Done (though not sure how to state this less technically), but just to be clear there is no crash. All this patch does is prevent a possible extra erroneous refcount on `PY_EVP_MD` under free threading (and shuts up TSAN).
